# Software Requirements
- Vision


## What is the vision of this product?

- This product exists to provide users entertainment in the form of an interactive game with nostalgic undertones (i.e. Minesweeper and Dig Dug Deeper) with a new and exciting twist. This product will also enable the user to improve their cognitive abilities by reinforcing short-term/long-term memory storage to complete the game. Lastly, this product builds a framework for expansion into a more complex environment that could be monetized and supported on multiple devices.

## What pain point does this project solve?

- This product is entirely meant for user enjoyment but meets a societal craving for a entertainment that pays respect ancestral pop culture. 

## Why should we care about your product?

- This is a time in history where everyone is looking for distraction and entertainment to alleviate the stress of world events. HoundMine meets this need by delivering an experience to users that allows them to become engrossed in a game while offering comfort through an omage to games of the past. 

Scope (In/Out)
IN - What will your product do
Describe the individual features that your product will do.

1. The game will allow users to navigate through a maze with fixed obstacles using directional keys on their keyboard in order to earn the highest score by completing the maze the fastest
2. The game will maintain user performance data in local storage to compare against previous attempts
3. The game will provide fixed obstacles within the game board in order to test user's memory 
4. User will receive immediate feedback and have the opportunity to compare their score with the leaderboard


## Minimum Viable Product vs
What will your MVP functionality be?

- Users will be able to play a game by using arrow keys to navigate an avatar through a game board and interact with game board pieces to complete a set goal. Users will also be able to read about the developers and compare their score on the leaderboard. 

What are your stretch goals?

## Stretch
What stretch goals are you going to aim for?

- Some of our stretch goals are as follows:

1. Create multiple levels by rendering obstacles in different places on the board
2. Provide a live leader-board that updates when users reach a new high score
3. Incorporate some Minesweeper game mechanics to give visibility to user on obstacle location


Functional Requirements
List the functionality of your product. This will consist of tasks such as the following:

- Users will be able to navigate the site through hyperlinks in the header and footer
- Users will be able to use their keyboard to navigate through the game
- Users will able to contact developers through "about-us" page


## Data Flow
Describe the flow of data in your application. Write out what happens from the time the user begins using the app to the time the user is done with the app. Think about the “Happy Path” of the application. Describe through visuals and text what requests are made, and what data is processed, in addition to any other details about how the user moves through the site.

- Upon site rendering the user will be asked to input their name into a form and submit it
- Following "submit" user name will be logged in local storage and assigned to their avatar's score
- User will then be presented a play "button" in order to trigger render of actual game play application
- User's location will constantly logged through app in order to confirm positional location in congruence with obstacles
- If user encounters obstacle the game ends and local storage is accessed to show points scored/name
- If user is successful in completion of maze they will receive a notification with their name generated by accessing local storage
- Names, position of avatar, and score will all be available in local storage for the duration of user's session
- Users will be able to navigate to the different pages in the site using clearly marked hyperlinks in the header and footer
- User will also have the opportunity to view documentation of site resources via a clearly marked hyperlink in the footer of all pages